what is going on ladies and gentlemen my
name is sebastian and i'm coming to you
guys with a shoe review this is gonna be
my first one on youtube ever numero uno
people like renovations and search
sneaker on veracity nightwing two three
zero three foamer simpson I love that
guys reviews shout out to him inspired
me I guess you could say you know
anyways let's get started today I got
for you a very general release Jordan
very easy pickup um and he or they are
they are the Will Smith joints as I like
to call him the fire red fives I got him
in a size 10 and a half there you go
that footlocker sticker for all you
people who who don't give a my box
did get a little beat up but let's check
it out real quick got the old-school
type of box says the air Jorn got your
sweater print all over the place at the
bottom with the Nike and jump man there
you go people let's go nobody cares
about the box we all care about these
that we pay one hundred and sixty
dollars for right here it comes with the
black paper I did check him out already
because I did check them out because I'm
usually using a size 11 but these
weren't a little bit big I went I rolled
with them I tried them on you know I
like to make sure my feet feel good I am
paying under $60 for these stupid shoes
of paper anyways let's get on really
nice shoe I'm really happy with them
they come with these laces I mean lace
locks red ones as you can see just put
these away
Miska started with these Will Smith's
you got your uh blue ice on the bottom
as you can tell and that's your
herringbone traction pattern it's black
Jordan
you know Nike sickness with these icy
blues to minimize the yellowing let's
continue on with this midsole as you can
tell from li all-black it's not the
whole midsole got a little hit of white
sure white air unit and your fire red of
course inspired by a fighter jet Thank
You tinker Thank You tinker
let's move on to this uh this leather
he got your Walter white leather shout
out to Homer Simpson gotta check out his
reviews everybody foamer Simpson great
guy funny dude white leather throughout
the whole entire uppers you got sure
white I'm sorry red Jumpman nicely
stitched he doesn't have any more butt
cheeks
continuing with the white leather you
got your clear netting on the medial and
on the lateral side of the shoe no 23
just like the oh geez the only og pair
that had 23 was the ones that Michael
Jordan wore on court the ones that
released the public did not so for the
people who didn't know which maybe all
the you knew already so I'm not trying
to be a smartass got your white laces
and also you got your clear netting on
the tongue you got your 3m and your red
Jumpman the inside is also three I'm
sorry got your cardboard this is what we
pay for people on the inside he got read
decent padding the tongue is nicely
padded I guess you could say and your
black footbed with the white jump man
that your air Jordan on the inside of
the tongue
and the nice little thing I like to show
cuz I actually learned this from
Nightwing to 3:03
I did not know these shoes had this
stamped inside not all of them certain
shoes like fours and fives I believe
they have this stamped inside him which
I didn't know the year this one says
2013 which I thought was pretty cool
and there you have it guys here's the
other shoe the craftsmanship is pretty
nice in my opinion I got I don't got any
glue stains or stuff like that if you
guys like what you've seen today please
hit that subscribe button I will be
coming out with a Kobe eight Black
History Month review I know I'm late
with it but my order I ordered from Nike
comm and I have to wait for them to get
here like I said thank you for watching
people and have a nice day I'm gonna try
to put a on feet at the end so I don't
mess it up here's the on feet
this one's laced up a little higher than
this one just to give a little different
look these will be with the pants behind
the tongue let me fix this a little bit
and here you go really quickly cameras
about to die
cheap-ass camera
and here's with them with the tongue
over it for the people who like to rock
them like that remember just in case we
ever boots to face it make contact the
title helped by me that might be what
you think you saw you did not see you
liked it thank you